========================================================================
                        ソフトウェア使用許諾契約
========================================================================

本ソフトウェアをご使用になる前に、以下の契約条件をよくお読みください。
お客様が本ソフトウェアをご使用になるには、以下の契約条項に同意いただくこ
とが必要です。
なお、お客様が本ソフトウェアをご使用になられた時点で、お客様が以下の契約
条件に同意し、株式会社リコー（以下、リコー）との間で本使用許諾契約が成立
したものとさせていただきます。

1. リコーは、お客様に対し、本ソフトウェアに対応するリコー製品を利用する
   目的で本ソフトウェアを使用する非独占的権利を許諾します。

2. 本ソフトウェアおよびその複製物に関する権利は、リコーに帰属します。 

3. リコーは、商用性、本ソフトウェアを使用して得られる性能または結果、お
   よび特定目的への適合性、本ソフトウェアに関する非侵害、または本ソフト
   ウェアに瑕疵がないこと、その他本ソフトウェアに関していかなる保証もい
   たしません。

4. リコーは、本ソフトウェアの使用に付随または関連して生ずるデータの喪失
   もしくは欠陥、またはこれらにより生じた損害（収入または利益の逸失を含
   みます）について、直接的または間接的かを問わず、いかなる場合において
   も一切の責任を負いません。

5. お客様は、日本国政府または該当国の政府より必要な許可等を得ることなし
   に、本ソフトウェアの全部または一部を、直接または間接に輸出してはなり
   ません。

6. この契約は、日本法に従って解釈されるものとします。この契約の解釈に
   当っては、日本語を正文とします。英語による翻訳文は参照の目的にのみ存
   在し、いかなる意味においても、この契約の解釈には影響を与えないものと
   します。この契約に関してお客様とリコーとの間で生じた全ての紛争は、日
   本国東京地方裁判所の専属管轄権に服するものとします。




本ソフトウェアは、以下のオープンソースソフトウェアを利用しています。

(1) Common UNIX Printing System


(1) Common UNIX Printing System について
-----------------------------------------

http://www.cups.org

Common UNIX Printing System

Copyright:

[From the LICENSE.txt file.  GPL and LGPL cut for brevity; for a copy,
look in /usr/share/common-licenses, files GPL and LGPL-2.]

                Common UNIX Printing System License Agreement

                Copyright 1997-2002 by Easy Software Products
                        44141 AIRPORT VIEW DR STE 204
                     HOLLYWOOD, MARYLAND 20636-3111 USA

                           Voice: +1.301.373.9600
                          Email: cups-info@cups.org
                          WWW: http://www.cups.org


INTRODUCTION

The Common UNIX Printing System(tm), ("CUPS(tm)"), is provided
under the GNU General Public License ("GPL") and GNU Library
General Public License ("LGPL"), Version 2, with exceptions for
Apple operating systems and the OpenSSL toolkit. A copy of the
exceptions and licenses follow this introduction.

The GNU LGPL applies to the CUPS API library, located in the
"cups" subdirectory of the CUPS source distribution and in the
"cups" include directory and library files in the binary
distributions. The GNU GPL applies to the remainder of the CUPS
distribution, including the "pdftops" filter which is based upon
Xpdf and the CUPS imaging library.

For those not familiar with the GNU GPL, the license basically
allows you to:

   - Use the CUPS software at no charge.
   - Distribute verbatim copies of the software in source or
     binary form.
   - Sell verbatim copies of the software for a media fee, or
     sell support for the software.
   - Distribute or sell printer drivers and filters that use
     CUPS so long as source code is made available under the
     GPL.

What this license *does not* allow you to do is make changes or
add features to CUPS and then sell a binary distribution without
source code. You must provide source for any new drivers,
changes, or additions to the software, and all code must be
provided under the GPL or LGPL as appropriate. The only
exceptions to this are the portions of the CUPS software covered
by the Apple operating system license exceptions outlined later
in this license agreement.

The GNU LGPL relaxes the "link-to" restriction, allowing you to
develop applications that use the CUPS API library under other
licenses and/or conditions as appropriate for your application.


LICENSE EXCEPTIONS

In addition, as the copyright holder of CUPS, Easy Software
Products grants the following special exceptions:

     1. Apple Operating System Development License Exception;

	a. Software that is developed by any person or entity
	   for an Apple Operating System ("Apple OS-Developed
	   Software"), including but not limited to Apple and
	   third party printer drivers, filters, and backends
	   for an Apple Operating System, that is linked to the
	   CUPS imaging library or based on any sample filters
	   or backends provided with CUPS shall not be
	   considered to be a derivative work or collective work
	   based on the CUPS program and is exempt from the
	   mandatory source code release clauses of the GNU GPL.
	   You may therefore distribute linked combinations of
	   the CUPS imaging library with Apple OS-Developed
	   Software without releasing the source code of the
	   Apple OS-Developed Software. You may also use sample
	   filters and backends provided with CUPS to develop
	   Apple OS-Developed Software without releasing the
	   source code of the Apple OS-Developed Software.

	b. An Apple Operating System means any operating system
	   software developed and/or marketed by Apple Computer,
	   Inc., including but not limited to all existing
	   releases and versions of Apple's Darwin, Mac OS X,
	   and Mac OS X Server products and all follow-on
	   releases and future versions thereof.

	c. This exception is only available for Apple
	   OS-Developed Software and does not apply to software
	   that is distributed for use on other operating
	   systems.

	d. All CUPS software that falls under this license
	   exception have the following text at the top of each
	   source file:

	     This file is subject to the Apple OS-Developed
	     Software exception.

     2. OpenSSL Toolkit License Exception;

	a. Easy Software Products explicitly allows the
	   compilation and distribution of the CUPS software
	   with the OpenSSL Toolkit.

No developer is required to provide these exceptions in a
derived work.


TRADEMARKS

Easy Software Products has trademarked the Common UNIX Printing
System, CUPS, and CUPS logo. These names and logos may be used
freely in any direct port or binary distribution of CUPS. Please
contract Easy Software Products for written permission to use
them in derivative products. Our intention is to protect the
value of these trademarks and ensure that any derivative product
meets the same high-quality standards as the original.


BINARY DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS

Easy Software Products also sells rights to the CUPS source code
under a binary distribution license for vendors that are unable
to release source code for their drivers, additions, and
modifications to CUPS under the GNU GPL and LGPL. For
information please contact us at the address shown above.

The Common UNIX Printing System provides a "pdftops" filter that
is based on the Xpdf software. For binary distribution licensing
of this software, please contact:

     Derek B. Noonburg
     Email: derekn@foolabs.com
     WWW: http://www.foolabs.com/xpdf/


SUPPORT

Easy Software Products sells software support for CUPS as well
as a commercial printing product based on CUPS called ESP Print
Pro. You can find out more at our web site:

     http://www.easysw.com/

