ac_add_options --enable-application=comm/suite

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
#ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
#ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
#ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
#ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --disable-gconf
ac_add_options --with-system-icu

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
#ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
#ac_add_options --enable-gio
#ac_add_options --disable-gstreamer
ac_add_options --enable-pulseaudio

ac_add_options --enable-calendar
ac_add_options --enable-irc
ac_add_options --enable-dominspector

ac_add_options --enable-optimize="-O2"
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip

#ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
#ac_add_options --disable-installer

ac_add_options --disable-webrender
ac_add_options --disable-stylo

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
export CC=clang
export CXX=clang++
export AR=llvm-ar
export NM=llvm-nm
export RANLIB=llvm-ranlib
