# End-user license agreement (EULA)

Last updated Jan 19, 2023

**TABLE OF CONTENTS**

1\. LICENSE GRANT

2\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP

3\. TERMINATION

4\. GOVERNING LAW

5\. CONTACT US

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and
Rambox.

This EULA governs your acquisition and use of our Rambox software ("Software")
directly from Rambox or indirectly through a Rambox authorized reseller or
distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA carefully before completing the installation process and
using the Rambox software. It provides a license to use the Rambox software and
contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the Rambox software, this EULA will also
govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the Rambox
software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software and agreeing to
become bound by the terms of this EULA.

If you are entering into this EULA on behalf of a company or other legal entity,
you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates
to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority or if you do
not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA, do not install or use the
Software, and you must not accept this EULA.

This EULA shall apply only to the Software supplied by Rambox herewith
regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The
terms also apply to any Rambox updates, supplements, Internet-based services,
and support services for the Software, unless other terms accompany those items
on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

 **1\. LICENSE GRANT**

Rambox hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to
use the Rambox Pro software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this
EULA.

You are permitted to load the Rambox software (in, for example, a PC or laptop)
under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the
minimum requirements of the Rambox software.

You are not permitted to:

  * Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated in any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things
  * Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose
  * Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
  * Use the Software in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law
  * Use the Software for any purpose that Rambox considers is a breach of this EULA

**2\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP**

Rambox shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as originally
downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software by you. The
Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever
nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall
remain the property of Rambox.

Rambox reserves the right to grant licenses to use the Software to third
parties.

 **3\. TERMINATION**

This EULA is effective from the date you first use the Software and shall
continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written notice
to Rambox.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this
EULA. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA will immediately
terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of the Software. The
provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive any
termination of this EULA.

 **4\. GOVERNING LAW**

This EULA, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA, shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Argentina.

 **5\. CONTACT US**

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Apps or to receive further
information regarding use of the Apps, please contact us by e-mail to
support@rambox.app.

