Rxu#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

wmfrog - a dockapp for showing weather in graphical way

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  wmfrog [options] -stattion <METAR station id>

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-delay minutes>

Override time (in minutes) between updates. Default is 15.

=item B<-m, -metric>

Display Temperature in metric unit: Celcius.

=item B<-o offset>

Time offset of location from UTC. Positive or negative integer
expressed in hours, like +1 or -7.

=item B<-s, -station>

Required option. The 4-character METAR Station ID. See
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/METAR

=item B<-w knots>

Set the maximum wind in KNOTS for percentage of max / scaling. Default
is 50 Knots.

=item B<-tmp directory>

Set the temporary directory where the METAR data files are downloaded
Default is C</tmp>.

=item B<-l label>

Set displayed text to 4 character (max) label to replace the METAR
station id.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A dockapp for weather reports. Includes clouds (clear, few,
scattered, broken, overcast ...); Precipitations (drizzle, rain, snow,
ice christals: light/moderate or heavy); Special weather (Blowing wind
/ Freezing / Thunderstorm, funnel cloud...); Humidity perentage; Wind
speed (average & gust); Wind Direction; Temperature (Celcius or
Fareinheit); Station name can be configured and weather report time is
displayed.

To find out more about the METAR/TAF system, see
I<Frequently Asked Questions about METAR/SPECI and TAF> at
http://www.nws.noaa.gov/oso/oso1/oso12/faq.htm

To find your city Metar code go to NOAA's Meteorological Station
Information Lookup page I<Meteorological Products Processed At The
NWSTG> at at http://www.nws.noaa.gov/tg/siteloc.php

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item /tmp/<station-id>/

Stored data files. The directory can be changed with option B<-tmp>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

wmweather(1)
wmweather+(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

program was written by Thibaut Colar <tcolar@users.sourceforge.net>

This manual page is based on 0.1.6 version of the program. Updated by Jari
Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>. Released under license GNU GPL v2 or (at
your option) any later version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
